Miss Shu meets again
Aren't you waiting for me here?
What else is there to escape?
Divorced
If you have anything to do with me
Let's talk somewhere else
I don't want to be here any longer. Okay.
Yeah.
A new man so soon?
I have only known Mr. Lu for a few days
Went on a date
A newly divorced man is so popular
Not to mention single nobles like Mr. Lu
May our marriage fall apart
But I also don't want you to
Have you forgotten his previous business experience?
Think about your injuries
That's better than the psychological trauma you caused me
All like this
You won't be able to stay at Fuji Group, will you?
But yeah.
A CEO as big as Mr. Lu
How can you not give it to your little lover?
Assign a position in the company
I don't know what this lady does
But Miss Shu will officially pursue
Getting along well will be better
You get something for nothing.
Yotsuba, look at him
Wait for me.
This will all be over soon